Update README to become more descriptive (#11)
grahamsmith/analyticsx: README.md

![Build](https://github.com/grahamsmith/analyticsx/actions/workflows/main.yaml/badge.svg)

Analytics solution for using multiple vendors.

### The Problem

The User Experience Team / Engineering Manager / Colleague wants to use their favourite flavour of analytics product. The problem is you already have one and you most definitely don't want to write multiple lines of code for each analytics action to cover all the vendors. Analytics is already hard enough at times.

### Analytics X

Analytics X provides 2 simple constructs to allow a simpler setup:

> - **Analytics Vendor** - A wrapper around a Analyitcs Vendor (e.g. Firebase, MixPanel etc). Its job is to handle specific Analytic Actions. These are registered during initialisation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Analytics Vendor** - A wrapper around an analytics vendor (e.g. Firebase, MixPanel etc). Its job is to handle specific Analytics Actions. These are registered during initialisation.
```
